Release notes for 8.16.1 (#16691)
elastic/logstash: docs/static/releasenotes.asciidoc

* <<logstash-8-0-0-alpha1,Logstash 8.0.0-alpha1>>

[[logstash-8-16-1]]
=== Logstash 8.16.1 Release Notes

[[notable-8-16-1]]
==== Notable issues fixed

> * PipelineBusV2 deadlock proofing: when using pipeline-to-pipeline a deadlock could cause pipelines (and consequently) Logstash to never terminate https://github.com/elastic/logstash/pull/16680[#16680]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* PipelineBusV2 deadlock proofing: We fixed an issue that could cause a deadlock when the pipeline-to-pipeline feature was in use, causing pipelines (and consequently) {ls} to never terminate https://github.com/elastic/logstash/pull/16680[#16680]
```

==== Plugins

*Elastic_integration Filter - 0.1.16*

* Reflect the Elasticsearch GeoIP changes into the plugin and sync with Elasticsearch 8.16 branch https://github.com/elastic/logstash-filter-elastic_integration/pull/170[#170]

*Xml Filter - 4.2.1*

* patch rexml to improve performance of multi-threaded xml parsing https://github.com/logstash-plugins/logstash-filter-xml/pull/84[#84]

> #84

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
